before we begin let me start by saying
think the great Jedi of the sky will
finally identities horrible movies I
mean you only really go try maybe we do
seven eight nine right right the stars
about moving today ah I'm so tired of
trying to find new ways to introduce
these ding-dongs play
I'll star begins with the most
intellectually superior way to introduce
a plot mother in scrolling backstory
text but our story really begins with
you know what plot our story begins
immediately with pupae using dambo moons
but our story really really begins with
Obi and Anna sliding onto the ship of
one General Grievous to save Chancellor
Palpatine / Darth Sidious from nothing
because he basically just kidnapped his
damn self
and cannot just take a damn minute here
to ask what the because of General
Grievous what well sergeant severe a
major misery unavailable for this
mission because they were busy having
tea and crumpets with captain critically
but to answer my own question General
Grievous is some rare alien who can't
use the false who almost died or
something so they turned him into a
mostly robot geez that's original with
forearms and he uses life savers to kill
Jedi to collect that lightsabers that he
will presumably use to kill more jedi
feeding his endless cycle of lightsaber
collecting but he can't enjoy his damn
hobby because they have really bad
animal but what i want to know is if
they only kill Jedi with lightsabers
that he gets from Jedi word he used to
kill the first Jedi they need to kill to
get the first lightsaber they could then
use to kill Jedi round around with King
go in a way over then if I'm Chancellor
Sidious but Count Dracula is waiting for
them so they have a little stare down
whoa look if it was that they look into
him like you just [ __ ] waving at this
point okay pause this right here bugs me
because anyone who has played Star Wars
Jedi Academy knows that oh you have to
do to get out of a false Joker's use
either false push or pull but lets over
do that no he just gets flung across the
room like a little Padawan over you suck
in multiplayer not like me when I play
as bill addy now ain't it gotta beat
Dukie all by himself and city itself
finish him and Paul Saruman just sit
there like after all we've been through
you traded me up for younger muffin yes
in that home free well nevermind hey
double G by double G see you later GG
crash-landing because action movies and
measured accomplished and then it runs
into his old lady who says
Annie I've got to love false muffins in
the oven and any just sit there like I
need to measure our keep him away from
Obi
Oh Lord there goes any with his
fortune-telling dreams I guess it never
occurred to him that sometimes we should
bother in you you can have nightmares
that aren't necessarily prophetic then
poo 14 tells any he wants him to be his
representative on the Jedi Council but
Anna gets upset when they don't make him
a Jedi Master he should be glad
will you play Jedi Academy on Jedi
Master difficulty that damn game gets so
hot stormtroopers won't even miss
anymore
so Abby says look we just don't want to
make you a master because we're worried
Palpatine is up to something and if you
don't feel slighted by the jaw then
you're not gonna start to resent us and
then you'll never become Darth Vader and
then the first three Star Wars movies
will never exist and then in turn these
last three movies will never exist
because these are prequels and then the
entire Star Wars timeline will be
offered up and no Star Wars movie will
ever exist in this plane of reality and
then the guy narrating this video would
finally have peace of mind that he
doesn't exist on the same plane of
reality as Star Wars
god forbid ah nothing like a night out
at the theater with the lord of darkness
where he tells you the Jedi are bad and
that the power of evil is so strong you
can keep people from dying
I always do love me a good fish people
ballet meanwhile Yoda makes a trip to
whoopee world where he apparently knew
Chewbacca before Han on the damn down
where's the worst-hit a haircut
nostalgia I swear could and it get any
more thick the Jedi suck so you're a bad
guy I understand a dark side oh you're
not so bad I can save your wife from
certain death how because I'm a self it
so yours are Sith Lord that's what I've
been trying to hang out for years you
broke in mid exploring condom and while
that's going on over
hums down Admiral asthmatic and shoots
that lightsaber stealing say this right
here Weezer titties stacks I think
Palpatine is a Sith Lord are you sure
well he was hard to figure out but I'm
fairly certain whew thanks go woof
something presumably you know that man
slice a was that bad mother darling it
but then auntie shows up and acts a fool
because he can't accept it even if his
woman dies there are still more black
swans in the pond and they kill Stax
this mask up front up in California
Raisins and a soon-to-be apprentice mask
up for the King California Raisins and
doth hideous says henceforth you shall
be known as Darth Vader and integers
look at him like you just make that name
up on the flock of this terrible what
was da ventilator taken so turns out all
the clones were working for Sidious from
the stop yeah I know that the clones all
had some control chips in their brains
and made them kill any Jedi that they
were told to but that doesn't change the
fact that the Jedi are dropping faster
than pants out our brothel hey Yoda cuts
off two of them clones heads and just
sit there like you don't think I pulled
that betrayal on me them just dear
Ivanova gets attacked but luckily he had
his might get betrayed by the clone
troopers and need to go for a long
covert swim survival kit learn that one
from cry god so yoda an ovum eat up and
find out that sweet little off and anna
has become Darth douchebag
Yoda loses a fight to Lourdes
Sagittarius and over goes to what that
sensei and if any and ends up having to
watch his favorite muffin get burnt all
to hell I loved you like a muffin muffin
but Sidious saves any sense I still love
you Chris Benoit Phil so Padme has her
brats and loses the will to live because
she ain't about being married to evil
barbeque and while that happens and it
gets his iconic wardrobe and starts
Frankenstein's monster from oh and he's
told that he killed Padme which it
cannot be it so you don't know we're
going to hiding and they divide up the
babies so they can be hidden but I gotta
say I'd be pissed if I was Luke his
sister gets to be royalty and all he
gets is blue milk on the beats planet I
forgot to have water what is this the
princess in the moisture farmer well
that's the [ __ ] end be sure to like
share subscribe for your regular folks
of meth you
expect me to upload more videos when I
live in a plane of existence where
Disney never got their hands on this
franchise and get up even more
for movies explained for I'm Jeb oh damn
well give me a Roman song time into two
corn dog sticks and call me hey Supes
compared to the force awakens that was a
damn good movie